[Rules] Snippets UI updates (#20273)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/rules/snippets/create-dashboard.mdx

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), and select your account and website.

2. Go to **Rules** > **Snippets**.

> 3. (Optional) If you have not created any snippets yet, select one of the snippet templates that address common use cases. Then, review and adjust the proposed snippet code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (Optional) If you have not created any snippets yet, select one of the snippet templates that addresses a common use case. Then, review and adjust the proposed snippet code.
```
'addresses' is refering to 'one'
